trail
Hello dear friends with you m to
assembly today we will show how the service
for registration will add you more
money for this we need a client nodus
and a friend want to notice dear friends that
at the end of this video i will prove to you that
serial on one registration so here have
we already have
series of burnt prepared go in
account
sitting and looking at here under my
gasoline under m to sport it you can with me
player
He went through it I have now
registered everything works fine
Here I can run the shaman now we write on
him on
register you do not write anything there
kickstarter nothing just go in there and
write everything
on the register and your password twice I have
this is the key for gasoline in the future we leave
server further we go network game
sitting account is offline and we write any
nick here let's say such nickname
there we go here this way north and
sure we need to sign up
issue
all we register are registered
and then we write this command
the team will be under the video
team b and friend of your nickname and let's say
initial amount per 100,000 and we transfer
100,000 seconds so dear friends
I apologize here we write the team write play
nickname of his friend and the amount that we
want to translate
since the initial amount here is 100
thousand so we bring that all
transfer here we got the money we
This is seen as a confirmation further.
You can certainly still a lot through different
accounts through this
write on register and through another
write a register go through another
account and so transfer but of course
I will not do that because it is very
a lot of time so tyschu on register
disconnect we go again lock on
sinning
look for of land mines and push default
turn on our nickname which was so
we go further into the game and here we are in the game and
She will write an hour closer he writes
enter password
register enter the password well
register with everyone and here in the game and
now our friend on the list 100 thousand
Here it is received 200,000 since and there I
I am looking for listed to set foot
Here is such a way further what I tell you
promised to show that it is not
a series of servers with one registration go out
From the game, I did not write that, notice I
did not write on register
go by another account well there is not
I know this
lol 1 2 3 2 1 so we go out and
connect
and look he writes the register we enter and he
writes you exceeded the maximum number
registrations
here we try what he do there
move made he writes or
register come back home with us
throw on spawn
and we ca n't move here
little worm ok now let's move on
again in my account it will be
quickly because the main admin server
asked me to promote him a little
strength
so we look and we went to
server we are already trained in a server
very good big anonymous 1500 slots
good administration is very kind and this
as if here is one part of the best self
I think that the shop is still there
Here is such a part of warp pvp oh right now they will not kill
so here he is further here and more sun
what changes this here so this here
part this here this is mine now is not about
ship ask me bad haul
textures
there is a very big bear he is very
beautiful on now once again on spam
and I have one more last thing that I
I want to show you this New Year's Eve
Christmas tree
so she in my opinion is on that side
on the new white 0 and a server as we will not see
skim much Finns from the cartoon almost
read here finally got to the tree
here it is so much exactly there
the plates were and the plates sat down exactly in
it equivalent at night here goes
big deal when di us replenishment
it was such a cool thing
little plate like that I think on it
all with you was m to sport subscribe
put your thumbs up on the canal
thank you all bye